n100 mima1 people1 man 员工 people
n101 mima2 people2 woman 员工 people
n102 mima3 people3 man 员工 people
n103 mima4 people4 woman 员工 people
n104 mima5 people5 man 员工 people
n105 mima6 people6 woman 员工 people
n106 mima7 people7 man 员工 people
n107 mima8 people8 woman 员工 people
n108 mima9 people9 man 员工 people
n109 mima10 people10 woman 员工 people
n110 mima11 people11 man 员工 people
n111 mima12 people12 woman 员工 people
n112 mima13 people13 man 员工 people
n113 mima14 people14 woman 员工 people
n114 mima15 people15 man 员工 people
n115 mima16 people16 woman 员工 people
n116 mima17 people17 man 员工 people
n117 mima18 people18 woman 员工 people
n118 mima19 people19 man 员工 people
n119 mima20 people20 woman 员工 people
n120 mima21 people21 man 员工 people
n121 mima22 people22 woman 员工 people
n122 mima23 people23 man 员工 people
n123 mima24 people24 woman 员工 people
n124 mima25 people25 man 员工 people
n125 mima26 people26 woman 员工 people
n126 mima27 people27 man 员工 people
root1 mroot1 admin1 man 董事长 admin
root2 mroot2 admin2 man 经理 admin
root3 mroot3 admin3 woman 副经理 admin
